For this assignment, you will integrate two APIs (Geolocation and MapBox) to develop a web application 
displaying a device's location. Your evaluation will consider not only the application of concepts covered 
in class but also your proficiency in using an unfamiliar API (MapBox).  


Directions and requirements  


• Develop an index page for a fictional company* that includes at least one map. Ensure the page 
appears professional and utilizes the map effectively. Do not use 'lorem ipsum'.  

• Sign up for a free account on the MapBox website (https://www.mapbox.com/). 

• Generate an access token after creating the account.  

• Refer to the MapBox documentation provided at https://docs.mapbox.com to familiarize 
yourself with using the MapboxGL library. You can also explore additional examples and 
resources available through Google or other sources.  

• Implement the functions covered in class to retrieve the user's device location, ensuring the 
use of callback functions.  

• Utilize the obtained coordinates to center the map on the user's location.  

• Use a marker (mapboxgl.Marker) to display the location.  

* GPS provider, delivery service (Uber Eats, DoorDash), mobility as a service provider (Uber), etc.  

Marking criteria  

CRITERIA  

MARKS  

Index page for a company that uses maps  

Page looks professional (overall design, colour palette, CARP, etc.)  

2  
3  

Application uses Geolocation API to get the device’s location  2  

Application uses resources provided by MapBox  4  

Map works and shows the device’s current location (with a marker)  5  

Application on GitHub, README file, .gitignore file and link to repository  1  

Coding standards and best practices  2  

Student professionalism  




Assignment 4: Useful Tip
Hi Everyone,
I hope everything is going well. Just a quick tip for assignment 4: as you will be installing node modules for the 
assignment, make sure you delete node modules before zipping the folder for submission. Also, node modules shouldn't 
be pushed to GitHub. Therefore, you will create a file in the folder you are working locally in VS Code with the name 
'.gitignore' which will be a hidden file and put the following inside the file:
 
/node_modules
.DS_Store
.vs_code
.vvscode/
.vscode
 
 
Feel free to copy the above contents and paste in the .gitignore file and then, proceed with pushing your work to GitHub.
Again, please delete node modules before zipping your folder for submission. If there will be a submission made by you that contains node modules, there will be a 25% deduction of grades.
 
If you have any questions, feel free to reach out to either Dave or I.
 
Regards,
Navjot Kaur
 